Documentation update (#22)
tensorflow/ngraph-bridge: README.md

### Option 1: Use a pre-built nGraph-TensorFlow bridge 

1. You can install TensorFlow and nGraph using `virtualenv` or in the system Python location. 

2. Install TensorFlow v1.13.1:

        pip install -U tensorflow==1.13.1

3. Install nGraph-TensorFlow bridge:

        pip install -U ngraph-tensorflow-bridge
   
### Option 2: Build nGraph bridge with binary TensorFlow installation

To use the latest version build and install nGraph using the following steps: 

1. You need to have `virtualenv` installed on your system to be able build `ngraph-bridge` bridge. The virtualenv is configured and used by the build script but not required for running `ngraph-bridge`. 

2. Next run the following Python script to download TensorFlow, and build nGraph and the bridge. Please use Python 3.5:

        python3 build_ngtf.py --use_prebuilt_tensorflow

3. Now test the build by executing the following commands:

        source build_cmake/venv-tf-py3/bin/activate
        PYTHONPATH=`pwd` python3 test/ci/buildkite/test_runner.py \
                --backend CPU \
                --artifacts ./build_cmake/artifacts/ \
                --test_resnet

### Option 3: Build nGraph bridge from source

> if you are planning to contribute or planning to run unit testsinstall the nGraph 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you are planning to contribute or planning to run unit tests install the nGraph 
```

        export PATH=$PATH:~/bin
        source ~/.bashrc   

> 3. We recomment using a `virtualenv` base Python setup (but not mandatory). Following are the commmands for setting up the `virtualenv`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. We recommend using a `virtualenv` base Python setup (but not mandatory). Following are the commmands for setting up the `virtualenv`: 
```

        virtualenv --system-site-packages -p python3 your_virtualenv 
        virtualenv --system-site-packages -p /usr/bin/python2 your_virtualenv  
        source your_virtualenv/bin/activate # bash, sh, ksh, or zsh

> 

Reviewer: `python3 build_ngtf.py` creates a venv.
